README.md, before:

# SignalWire PHP


![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/signalwire-community/signalwire.svg?color=brightgreen)

The Relay SDK for PHP enables PHP developers to connect and use SignalWire's Relay APIs within their own PHP code. Our Relay SDK allows developers to build or add robust and innovative communication services to their applications.

> ⚠️ Disclaimer:
>
> The libraries in this repository are NOT supported by SignalWire.

## Getting Started

Read the implementation documentation, guides and API Reference at the [Relay SDK for PHP Documentation](https://signalwire-community.github.io/docs/php/) site.

---

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, feel free to visit our [Slack channel](https://signalwire.community/) and read our developer section to get the code running in your local environment.

## Developers

To setup the dev environment follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository and clone it.
2. Create a new branch from `master` for your change.
3. Make changes!

## Versioning

Relay SDK for PHP follows Semantic Versioning 2.0 as defined at <http://semver.org>.

## License

Relay SDK for PHP is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [MIT-LICENSE](https://github.com/signalwire-community/signalwire-php/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Changes related to fax references in Twilio SDK

README.md, after:

# SignalWire PHP

> ⚠️ Disclaimer:
>
> This is a hard fork of the signalwire-community package with a focus on supporting messaging and voice.
> For example, I've removed the Fax references for compatibility with the Twilio 7+ SDK.

![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/signalwire-community/signalwire.svg?color=brightgreen)

The Relay SDK for PHP enables PHP developers to connect and use SignalWire's Relay APIs within their own PHP code. Our Relay SDK allows developers to build or add robust and innovative communication services to their applications.

## Getting Started

Read the implementation documentation, guides and API Reference at the [Relay SDK for PHP Documentation](https://signalwire-community.github.io/docs/php/) site.

---

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, feel free to visit our [Slack channel](https://signalwire.community/) and read our developer section to get the code running in your local environment.

## Developers

To setup the dev environment follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository and clone it.
2. Create a new branch from `master` for your change.
3. Make changes!

## Versioning

Relay SDK for PHP follows Semantic Versioning 2.0 as defined at <http://semver.org>.

## License

Relay SDK for PHP is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [MIT-LICENSE](https://github.com/signalwire-community/signalwire-php/blob/master/LICENSE) file.
